.\" Manpage for apngasm.
.\" Go to https://www.github.com/apngasm/apngasm for patches/corrections.
.TH man 8 "27 February 2014" "3.1" "apngasm man page"
.SH NAME
apngasm \- APNG Assembler
.SH SYNOPSIS
apngasm frame01.png frame02.png [-o outfile.png]
.SH DESCRIPTION
apngasm can assemble or dis-assemble Animated PNG files.
.SH OPTIONS
.B Information Options:
  -v [ --version ]      Display the version.
  -h [ --help ]         View detailed help.

.B Main Options:
  -d [ --delay ] arg (=100)             Default frame delay [in miliseconds or 
                                        fractions of a second], default is 100.
  -l [ --loops ] arg (=0)               Number of loops. Use 0 [the default] 
                                        for infinite loops.
  -f [ --file ] arg                     Loads an XML or JSON animation 
                                        directive file.
  -s [ --skip ]                         Skip the first frame. When animation is
                                        not supported the first frame is shown.
  -D [ --disassemble ] arg              Specifies Disassemble file (Then, can 
                                        NOT specify other files)
  -o [ --output ] arg                   Specifies Output File (Then, 1st 
                                        argument is NOT output-file)
  -j [ --json ] [=arg(=animation.json)] Specifies output json file.
  -x [ --xml ] [=arg(=animation.xml)]   Specifies output xml file.

.B Overwrite Options:
  -n [ --nooverwrite ]  exit when overwrite.
  -i [ --interactive ]  prompt before overwrite. (default)
  -F [ --force ]        always overwrites existing file.
.SH SEE ALSO

.SH BUGS
To report bugs please go to http://www.github.com/apngasm/apngasm/issues .
.SH AUTHOR
Max Stepin and Genshin Souzou K.K. (info@genshin.org)

